Improve schema cache docs (#711)
yiisoft/db: docs/en/schema/cache.md

- Use [DI container](https://github.com/yiisoft/di) autowiring.
- Configure it manually.

> In examples below used [yiisoft/cache](https://github.com/yiisoft/cache), make sure you have installed it via Composer
> using `composer require yiisoft/cache`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples below use [yiisoft/cache](https://github.com/yiisoft/cache), make sure you have installed it via Composer
using `composer require yiisoft/cache`.
```
